hey what is going on you guys it is mr
no sleep here from old school runescape
and welcome to a brand new loot video
for you all today
so today i bring you guys a special one
this was highly requested
since day one of this series ladies and
gentlemen today i bring you
loot from 1000 abyssal sire starting
this video at 152
kill count overall i was relatively new
to this boss i pretty much learned the
mechanics when it came out and i did a
few kills but other than that i haven't
been back to it in many many years
so i wasn't really sure what to expect
when starting this video i definitely
didn't think it would take as long as it
did but needless to say
we did track all the kills from start to
finish through the ring of wealth boss
log
also you can just see them in the chat
box and on top of that we also started
with 2 000 slayer points
overall which i did earn from my
previous slayer videos
and i did think that that would be a
decent amount for this whole video
but i was quickly proven wrong because
the very first task that i did get
assigned unfortunately took just about
1200 slayer points from me
and to make matters worse when i did get
assigned them i only got a hundred and
fifty so not that many
and unfortunately when i finished this
video i realized that i never
unlocked the ability to extend your
abbey demon task you know get
more assigned rather than less and to
add another bullet on the list of me
being inefficient at slayer i
did not use bracelets of slaughter
during this video to extend
the individual tasks so unfortunately i
made a lot of mistakes coming into this
video but all i can say
is learn from my mistakes don't do the
same thing if you want to camp a slayer
boss or a slayer monster in general you
know always bring those bracelets of
slaughter and especially extend
the task if you enjoy it whether you're
an iron man or a normal account
so with all that being said let's go
ahead and get into today's video so we
did start at 152 kc
ending at 1152 i'm not too sure why my
math was off on screen there and since
it had been quite a while since i've
killed this boss
at the very beginning you're gonna see
that i did die quite a bit
and if you think that the clips of me
dying is outrageous just know that this
was only half of all of them so there
was a lot more
at times of me dying at this boss even
at the very end as well
and it's really just because of the
mechanics of how this boss is you know
there's a poison splat that seems to
follow you
a majority of the fight and that's
usually what ends up killing me or i'll
be at the last phase
and all of the small minions will just
stack up on me and i'll die because
i'll either not be hitting with my
scythe or i'll just be out of prayer and
then protect from range goes
away so the damage really adds up at
that point as it goes for the gear in
the inventory for this video i was using
a scythe instead of an arc light that's
just because i did not have any arc
light charges uh before this video
started so
i would recommend you to bring an
arclight if you have charges if not a
scythe is a great alternative as well as
many different weapons out there just
depending on what your budget is and
what you have access to
for the inventory at the very start i
was bringing a little bit of everything
but towards the end i really did master
the inventory part and i was just
bringing three stamina potions three
range potions and three super combat
potions
occasionally i would bring an angler
fish if a kill was going too rough you
know might have to eat that and if your
kill is taking too long and you have to
bring a little bit of prayer or super
restores there's no harm in that you
know just long as you get the kill
for me since i'm 99 prayer and my dps
was so good i
rarely did run out of prayer points and
for the very few occasions that i did
those would usually be the times that i
would die so after every single kill i
would teleport directly back to my house
and use the rejuvenation pool
and get full special attack full prayer
points and full hp again
and then i would just run to the west
and then use my ferry ring and get back
as soon as i could and there would be
occasions when you're banking or when
you're just you know in your play your
own house for even the few seconds that
it is where another player will take
your spot and it's not really their
fault they just might not have seen you
there beforehand
sometimes people log in at the wrong
time so there were occasions like that
uh that i
accidentally crashed people and other
people crashed me it's all good though a
lot of players online
so it happens at this point i was just
about 150 kc
into the 1000 goal and i just finished
my very first task of the video and
unfortunately we were unable to get an
unsire
drop which is the main rare that you can
get from the sire boss
and it's only a 1 in 100 drop but if you
are lucky enough to get it which for my
first task i wasn't then all you have to
do
is use it at the font of consumption
behind the overseer to get a chance at
obtaining the abyssal whip
the dagger the abyssal head the jar of
miasma and of course the untreatable
parts of the abyssal bludgeon
the axon the claw and the spine you also
have a very small chance at getting the
pet
which is called the abyssal orphan so
there are a lot of great rewards that
you can potentially get if you're lucky
enough to get an unsired drop and that
obviously was the main goal for this
video you know kill 1000 abyssal sire
and see
how many unsireds we can get overall and
of course the normal loot you know we're
gonna price check all of that at the
very end but yeah my luck at the very
start was just awful
i had to go do some more slayer point
boosting after the first task i gained
just roughly
1 000 extra points on top of the 2000
that i started with and
i had to go through 1500 slayer points
and i still didn't have the task so i
had to go back to slayer point boosting
i received a 450 point bonus bringing
the total slayer point amount up to 1200
once again
so i made my way back up to duradell and
i was attempting to get the second task
for the video and we finally did
got 144 this time six less than last
time
a reminder to extend it if you're able
to and yeah it took like what two
thousand to two thousand five hundred
points total just to get that second
task not gonna lie i was really
demotivated while doing this and i think
you guys can see the proof is in the
picture you know that's why this took so
long to get uploaded it just seemed to
be at the very start anyway everything
that could go wrong was going wrong
poor preparation honestly on my part as
well but
it will get better you know when i
started it was rough but i can assure
you guys by the end of this video by the
time we get to that price check you guys
are going to be very
satisfied that's all i will say no
spoilers or anything and as it goes for
the drop tab
you know that was adding up over the
course of the video as well
and the drop table on sire just talking
about the normal drops not talking about
the rares
is pretty decent you know even for iron
man accounts and mains
it's really nice alcohols there's a lot
of battle stabs a lot of mystic stabs
rune items a lot of runes
herbs some seeds they're not that
expensive but some of them are as it
goes for the materials you know you can
get
coal a lot of earth orbs which are great
for crafting
pure essence which is dropped in amounts
of 600 so really good for rune crafting
well for anyone who still runecrafts
that way a lot of magic logs uh roon ore
onyx bolt tips rune bars but we can't
forget about that
top dog the unsired finally receiving
our very first one
just shy of our 300th kill in the video
so
let's go ahead and use it and let's see
what we get as mentioned before a lot of
possibilities here and our very first
item is a bludgeon piece so it looks
like we need two
more in order to complete the bludgeon
which is actually one of the best things
you can get here
especially for you ironman accounts out
there also kind of a side note but if
you guys have had incredible luck
at abyssal sire feel free to leave it in
the comment section below i am curious
to see anyone who's had uh really good
luck here or actually really bad luck
that might be fascinating too
so many days later we now had two
overall tasks completed ready to go
ahead and get
our third and we had a lot of slayer
points to spare still
so after a quick run at jad i did get
back as soon as i could
and only had a spin just shy of 300
slayer points this time around and i did
receive
141 abyssal demons so yeah that would be
our third
task of the video got an unsired on our
second nothing on our first but i was a
little bit more optimistic at this point
and i wasn't dying as much so that was
good you know it's much more bearable to
kill a boss when you're not dying every
five kills or so i did receive a pretty
strange drop though i did get
two roon spears which is a one and six
thousand
drop rate uh because i didn't have a
ring of wealth on if i did have a ring
of wealth on i think it would have been
a one in 1700
either way though it's pretty rare
definitely more rare than this drop our
second
unsired we're gonna use it right away
see what we can get this time last time
we got our first bludgeon piece and this
second time we receive our
second bludgeon piece so we are on the
right track now that's awesome to see
two out of three if we do manage to get
one more piece we'll be 31
mil richer so hopefully we are able to
get that looking at that nice tab and
making our way back to sire we did
receive another elite clue scroll this
was the second one of this video
i didn't really touch too much on elites
but the abyssal sire does have them on
the drop table as a 1
and 180 drop if you do somehow get lucky
enough to get assigned a konar slayer
sire task then you can get brimstone
keys from this as well at 1 in
50 so it's a pretty good task to get
there and 20 kills later we did get our
third elite clue of the vid
and i had actually died when i got that
so it was nice to see
when i got back and a little bit of
history on the abyssal sire it was
released into the game
october 1st 2015. the combat level's 350
and the size of it is a 6x6 so that is
another reason why the scythe works
pretty well here and with that being
said that is another task complete still
got a decent amount of slayer points
currently at 720 so let's see how long
it takes in order to get our next one
that looks like it's just over 100 so
luckily we got that one assigned pretty
quickly and even though we were almost
at the halfway point 500 kills or so
into the video
i was still dying even at this point and
i gotta be honest with you you know
compared to other slayer boss monsters i
would say sire is much more difficult
than the rest of them
and i'm sure there's people who disagree
with that you know i guess it's more of
an opinion than anything i mean there is
actually someone in the game who has
11 386 abyssal sire kc and you know his
username is actually abyssal sire so
he's probably pretty into this thing you
know i'm sure he's mastered this a long
time ago but it's just crazy the
dedication that some people have there's
actually over three people with over 10
000 kill count here could you imagine i
mean it's crazy when people leave a
comment saying a thousand of this is
impressive but then you have someone do
like ten thousand or a hundred thousand
of it and it just brings it to a whole
nother level so yeah shout out to anyone
who camps this boss i envy you i really
don't like this thing i didn't like it
at the start i didn't really even like
it at the end
so i really do have a lot of respect for
anyone who has the time and the patience
to stick with this monster
it just feels more repetitive than it
should i guess you know maybe it's all
the clicking that you have to do
all the rotating all the running i'm not
too sure but whatever it is
it really does make it a not enjoyable
monster to kill compared to other loot
videos that i've done
in the past and after spending just
about 300 slayer points for our next
abyssal demon task we were rewarded with
yet again
another elite clue scroll so i will take
that another one for the bank tab
and just as we were reaching the 700 kc
mark in the video we were rewarded with
yet again
another unsired so yeah the hopes were
getting high for this one i really
wanted to complete that bludgeon and i
was actually thinking about it in the
moment man when am i gonna be able to
complete this thing
so on my way to the pool and we would of
course
also be on the iron man shout out to the
iron man killing those anchovs and here
we go
using the unsired and what are we gonna
get three two
one just a whip that is unfortunate well
you know what it's something
it's another drop for the video it'll
add to the price check how much is it
worth 2.6
rounded up to 2.7 hey my two favorite
words in the world other than touchdown
not bad not bad at all so we'll take
that and as you can see the tab is
growing
quite a bit for elite caskets uh too
hard cask i'm not not too sure where
those two hard caskets came from but
yeah anyway a lot of elites a lot of
drops overall a lot of unsireds the uh
optimism was high always nice to save
those elite caskets for the end of the
video you know it's actually what i
wanted to do with the unsireds when i
got my very first unsired drop i wanted
to bank them all and use them all at the
end but i
you know of course you can't do that you
have to use them as soon as you get them
you can't even bank it that's
unfortunate but yeah at least we had the
caskets to look forward to but overall
we were just uh really adding up these
kills trying our very best to finish it
uh this video took me a little bit
longer than it should have because i did
take a break uh
probably about midway in 600 700 kills
in
and i did do that revenant video i
really wanted to just get away from
sire because i just i don't know it
reminded me a lot of vorkath you know i
just did not enjoy it
uh you can't enjoy every monster you do
you can't enjoy every skill you know
you're always going to have something
you dislike and i guess sire is just
right up there with vettian and callisto
i'm just not a huge fan of it so
yeah i do apologize that this video took
so long to get out but you can't just
blame me you got to blame duradell too
he was pretty uh unfair to us however
i will give him credit for this one
moment he did give me a back-to-back
task so shout out to deredel thank you
finally pulling through and shortly
after we started on the task again i did
have to go recharge my
scythe which means that i had to use
quite a bit of blood runes i'm not too
sure how much i think
in total it was probably close to 30 to
35 000 blood runes this whole video
just for the scythe so pretty expensive
but anyway
it's definitely worth it for moments
like this getting that on sire drop here
we go what are we gonna get this time
that is exactly what i wanted to see the
third
and final piece of the abyssal bludgeon
making us
31 mil richer that is incredible
got it at the very start of the video
you know getting that very first piece
and now towards the end
we finally have all the three pieces so
we are going to bring all of them back
to the overseer using the fairy ring
code
dip and hand them over and they will
make it for us so yeah hands it right on
back
and uh basically a lot of dialogue after
you can ignore that price checking it it
looks like it's 30.8 mil so rounding up
it's just about 31 mil
added to the price check extremely
helpful tab was looking so nice at this
point i mean just in
coin drops alone we almost had 3.4 mil
so that's just incredible as you can see
at the bottom of the screen there that
kc looking so clean
at 1 000 overall and just two kills
later we got another unsired very
unexpected i mean i finished the
bludgeon i got a whip i was just
thinking all right what's what's left
you know another bludgeon piece okay
i'll take it no worries
i was really just trying to finish the
video i wasn't really expecting get any
more drops but a long time ago i'm sure
someone once said expect
the unexpected and there it is another
unsired 72
kills later another one and might i say
the last one
for this video what could we possibly
get this well we got the pet
baby that abyssal orphan what are we
gonna name it who the hell
cares we got the pet finally another pet
in this loot series
when was the last one what was it it was
either scotizo and the
abbey demon video or it was chaos ellie
and the chaos eliot whatever the point
is we finally got a pet
i know i gotta tone it down i apologize
well woosah wussa we'll bring it down a
few levels but yeah we just went ahead
and put it in the house you know didn't
want to ensure it because i don't even
let my pets leave the house anyway so
they're safe
all the time and uh yeah we finished
that task we went to go get our next one
unfortunately
we only had like 300 slayer points left
so i knew that i was most likely gonna
have to point boos for this last one
which was really unfortunate because i
only had like 40 left to kill or
something very small like that
and you guys would have seen this video
yesterday had i actually used bracelets
of slaughter like i should have in the
very beginning so you know live and
learn we got to keep on keeping on just
boost some more do some more
jad tasks get some more fire capes i
even had to do a zora task i mean i was
just doing
everything in order to get the uh the
next and the final uh abby demon task
and you know i did get some lucky breaks
where i'd you know get like a point
boost of ankus or something small and
fast to where i could earn
slayer points pretty quickly but
unfortunately the very last task that i
needed to get a boost
was uh neck reels and that took me like
at least an hour so that was really
annoying
and finally after i'd say maybe four or
five hours of boosting we did receive
our final and our biggest ironically
um abby demon task 190 abyssal demons
and of course we would head right back
onto sire
it's nearing the end of the video but
you know we're still dying either way
and uh yeah finally here we are if i had
a nickel for every time i said the word
finally in this video
loot from 1000 abyssal sire has been
completed and for more reasons than one
this was the longest loot video yet so
if you guys enjoyed it i almost
never ever asked you guys for likes feel
free to like the video unless you're on
dead man mode then pay attention but
yeah looking at the collection log there
we had the pet all the bludgeon pieces a
whip uh unfortunately we didn't get the
jar but that's completely fine i wasn't
really going for it anyway
out of 1000 kills we did receive six
unsired so below the drop rate but hey i
got no complaints on what i received so
let's go ahead and price check all of
this guys we have just about 500 battle
stabs uh 10 000 laws
5 000 bloods and 9 000 cosmics and
deaths a small amount of seeds but
they're still worth picking up uh
dragon meds as well i'm pretty sure
those are a little rare a lot of battle
stabs and mystic stabs that'll
contribute a lot to the price check
tons of alcohols the very first price
check being 27.7
mil and now we move on to the second
price check this is all of the ore the
herbs the onyx tips all the useless and
worthless talismans that i don't
encourage you to pick up
uh 8 000 cannonballs and 4 mil
just in coin drops that is awesome so
that comes out to be 17.5 mil
so we add that to the 27.7 and it looks
like just in normal drops we made
45.2 mil now we add on the whip and the
bludgeon
and that makes it an additional 33.5
mill thanks to our luck and we add those
two numbers together and it looks like
from loot from 1000 abyssal sire we made
78.7
mil in total and on top of that we also
received the pet
as well as one extra bludgeon piece and
six elite caskets
just ignore what i'm typing on screen
right now because i think i was sleep
deprived and i just had no idea what i
was saying so yeah the only thing that
is important to mention is that we got a
ton of soul rune drops but we would use
those soul rune drops to cast the shadow
barrage at the very start of every
single kill so we really didn't make any
money on those because we just reused
them
but for anyone wondering that's that and
we also got some food drops but nothing
too crazy nothing noted or anything that
we
should have banked or anything like that
looking at the elites uh one of them was
above average but it looks like the rest
are all just basically average
i did get a master clue unfortunately i
could not complete it i don't have an
angler set on my main still
so that was a little frustrating but
another 1.4 mill from the clues
um overall tons of slayer xp range xp
strength xp
all across the board collection logs
almost complete
uh boss log clearly shows a thousand
kills there a lot of money was spent
if you're curious how much in total with
all the blood runes from the scythe all
of the potions all of the runes in
general
on screen it says 5 to 7 mil i think
those numbers are more so
closer to 10 to 15 mil so you know not
as much profit as
shown on screen but nevertheless we
still made a lot and we still got that
amazing pet it was a long grind it was a
lot of deaths involved and a lot of
stress involved but we did it guys thank
you so much for recommending it and i
hope you guys enjoyed it and if you guys
also want to check out today's video's
description
that ge tracker link it's really useful
for anyone who wants to make money on
old school and if you sign up with that
link it actually benefits me a lot so
make sure to check them out
if you feel like it and if not that's
okay too until next time guys thank you
very much for watching mr no sleep out